[system] Support props callback in the variant's definition (#40094)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/customization/theme-components/theme-components.md

{{"demo": "GlobalThemeVariants.js"}}

> The variant's props property can be defined in a form of a callback too. This is useful if you want to apply some styles if you need to use a negation in the condition, for e.g. apply some styles if some property does not have some value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variant `props` can also be defined as a callback. 
This is useful if you want to apply styles when using negation in the condition.
In other words, applying a different style if a particular property doesn't have a specific value.
```

Quick writing suggestion! A few thoughts:
- "variant's prop property" sounded a bit confusing & redundant 😅 hopefully this is clear?
- just "e.g." already means "for example", so there is no need for "for". But, in any case, maybe it's better to avoid latinisms entirely, as the reviewdog says 😬!

{{"demo": "GlobalThemeVariants.js"}}

The variant `props` can also be defined as a callback.
This is useful if you want to apply styles when using negation in the condition.
In other words, applying a different style if a particular property doesn't have a specific value.

:::info

> This feature is available from version 5.15.0.

Author: ```suggestion
This feature is available from version 5.15.2.
```
